Fixed #35328 - Improved debug messaging behind proxies. (#18014)
django/django: docs/releases/5.1.txt

CSRF
~~~~

> * The error messaging is improved when ``Origin`` checking fails,
>   including better hints when likely proxy headers are detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``'403_csrf.html'`` template now has improved messaging when ``Origin`` 
  checking fails, including better hints when likely proxy headers are detected.
```
[Docs are wrapped at 80 characters](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.0/internals/contributing/writing-documentation/#guidelines-for-restructuredtext-files) and we will now need to rebase and move this to the 5.2 release notes.
